Mr. Lin's forgiveness
Now you know your previous behavior
How ignorant
And ridiculous
How is that possible?
That's impossible.
What I just said
It's all true.
Fan'er was wrong before
You, now, talk to President Nalan
That's our Ning Group
A multi-billion dollar project
Must continue
The relationship between Lin Fan and President Nalan
Murong ignored this
We have to figure that out.
I just
Hear a dog dying
Say I get the project back
Kneel down to me immediately
I kneel down with your stubbornness
Impossible hahaha
Lin Fan, don't go too far
You are brothers
Although you are not the same father, you
They were all born in October by my mother
That's about it.
willing to admit defeat
Ning Fan
This is the only way to get back to campus from me
The cooperation between our Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce and your Lin's Group
Only recognize Mr. Lin
You came from a bad background
The position of deputy head of the family council
8 years on the spot mom